[Music]
I don't regret staying at home and being
your mom but I regret not getting my
degree
that's why somebody's mom just enrolled
in college I'm referring to myself I'll
see you around the quad nobody says that
mom well bring it back I think those
guys just checked you out I'm just
looking at my smock it tends to catch
the light mom you're a college girl now
oh my god it makes me changes no we
don't know where that's been
oh gosh what are you 20 they're slacks
no shut up frame I'm older and wiser
this essentially a Google ask me
anything
turn off your boo Google you're scaring
me I think my the Google scared Jack
last night oh my god but in a good way I
like when you intentionally go through a
haunted house